product update 2-12-2022 (#78)
humanitec/about: docs/change-log.md

This document provides an overview of the changes we are making over time. Feel free to reach out to us in case of any specific questions.

## Product Update December 2nd, 2022

> - **New:** Released **Pausing & Resuming of Environments** feature which allows you to scale down all of the Workloads of type Deployment to 0 replicas with one click of a button or single API call. Resuming the environment will scale the Workloads back to the number of replicas that was set at the time of Pausing. This can help you save costs on unused infrastructure. You can find more detailed information on a dedicated [Docs page](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/pause-and-resume).

Reviewer: - "number of replicas that was set": should be that "were" set if I'm not mistaken.
- "at the time of Pausing": is "Pausing" capitalised here on purpose?
- maybe just "more information in our documentation"?

> - **New:** Released **Pausing & Resuming of Environments** feature which allows you to scale down all of the Workloads of type Deployment to 0 replicas with one click of a button or single API call. Resuming the environment will scale the Workloads back to the number of replicas that was set at the time of Pausing. This can help you save costs on unused infrastructure. You can find more detailed information on a dedicated [Docs page](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/pause-and-resume).

Author: ```suggestion
- **New:** Released **Pausing & Resuming of Environments** feature which allows you to scale down all of the Workloads of type Deployment to 0 replicas with one click of a button or single API call. Resuming the environment will scale the Workloads back to the number of replicas that were set at the time of pausing. This can help you save costs on unused infrastructure. You can find more information in our [documentation](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/pause-and-resume).
```

> - **Improved:** There is no longer a limit of the number of Applications users can create via UI.

Reviewer: - via "the" UI

> - **Improved:** There is no longer a limit of the number of Applications users can create via UI.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Improved:** There is no longer a limit of the number of Applications users can create via the UI.
```

> - **Fixed:** The [Profile Settings](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/user-interface/top-bar#user-menu) page now correctly lists users' [roles](https://docs.humanitec.com/guides/manage-users-permissions/role-based-access-control) in all Organisations they belong to. 

Reviewer 2: Roles _on_ rather then _in_ an organization

> - **Fixed:** The [Profile Settings](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/user-interface/top-bar#user-menu) page now correctly lists users' [roles](https://docs.humanitec.com/guides/manage-users-permissions/role-based-access-control) in all Organisations they belong to. 

Author: ```suggestion
- **Fixed:** The [Profile Settings](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/user-interface/top-bar#user-menu) page now correctly lists users' [roles](https://docs.humanitec.com/guides/manage-users-permissions/role-based-access-control) on all Organisations they belong to. 
```

> - **Fixed:** The [Profile Settings](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/user-interface/top-bar#user-menu) page now correctly lists users' [roles](https://docs.humanitec.com/guides/manage-users-permissions/role-based-access-control) on all Organisations they belong to. 

Reviewer: maybe "the are a member of"

> - **Fixed:** The [Profile Settings](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/user-interface/top-bar#user-menu) page now correctly lists users' [roles](https://docs.humanitec.com/guides/manage-users-permissions/role-based-access-control) on all Organisations they belong to. 

Author: ```suggestion
- **Fixed:** The [Profile Settings](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/user-interface/top-bar#user-menu) page now correctly lists users' [roles](https://docs.humanitec.com/guides/manage-users-permissions/role-based-access-control) on all Organisations they are a member of. 
```

> - **Fixed:** Resolved an issue where Placeholders autocompletion would not work properly with inputs typed manually and not selected from the dropdown. 

Author: ```suggestion
- **Fixed:** Resolved an issue where Placeholder autocompletion would not work properly with inputs typed manually and not selected from the dropdown. 
```

> - **Fixed:** Resolved an issue where Placeholders autocompletion would not work properly with inputs typed manually and not selected from the dropdown. 

Reviewer: - "Placeholder autocompletion"

> - **Fixed:** Resolved an issue where Placeholders autocompletion would not work properly with inputws typed manually and not selected from the dropdown. 

Reviewer 2: typeo: input**w**s

> - **Fixed:** Resolved an issue where Placeholders autocompletion would not work properly with inputws typed manually and not selected from the dropdown. 

Author: ```suggestion
- **Fixed:** Resolved an issue where Placeholders autocompletion would not work properly with inputs typed manually and not selected from the dropdown. 
```
